When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

It use useful to use a remote repository when doing work from multiple
machines or working with different contributors. Having a copy online
allows for every person working on the project to have access to any new
 additions or changes.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

It is better to have to manually pull changes so you can find out if
 any thing you have been working on would be affected by any changes
 on the remote repository.

 Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

 Forks are essentially a clone of a repository created on github servers.
 clones are created when taking a repository and cloning it to a local directory.
 branches are different sections of the project, you can use them to
 create new features without changing anything on the master branch.

 What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can work offline, it saves a lot of data overhead when pushing
changes to github and it gives the possibility to do a quick check
which changes are made in the online repo compared to the offline
repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
 easier, and what would be harder?

 Without the use of Git or GitHub I would have to send files over
 email,dropbox or google docs. This option would work but I would
 lose the ability to compare the history of the files.

 When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

 I would want to make changes in a separate branch almost all the
 time. this would ensure that the master branch only has code that
 has been thoroughly tested and verified as working.

 I cant think of any benefit to not doing this as it is safer and allows for more experimentation.
