What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository a hidden directory .git is created which contains the required files for the version history. This is important, without first running this
command git doesn't know to track it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?

The staging area is where files a prepared to be used in a commit. The value in this allows for grouping of related items into a single commit.
 It is not required to contain all files.

What value do you think it offers?
The option to create your set of files which you want to commit without having to add all new files. This way
    you have the option to make a split based on logical functionality

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

I can use the staging area to group together files that have a logical
change and have anything unrelated left out.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized?

 It would be helpful while working on conflicting changes, trying out new feature, etc.This lets you  change everything with multiple commits into the "feature branch" and then do a large merge to the "main branch".
                                                                         This will keep the history clean, but you can still use version control during development.

 How would branches help?
It creates a safe place to test new features out.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
 Diagrams allow you to directly see the relation between commits and branches. This aids in the ability to find where specific changes were made.

What is the result of merging two branches together?

The result is one branch with changes from both in it.

Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

It is represented this way because all commits from both branches will
be shown based on timestamp in the git log.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Automatic merges saves a lot of time. It does not have the ability to merge in some cases prompting the user to clarify the change manually.
