How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By using the diff function we are able to pinpoint any differences between
    2 files. This allows for quick access to information regarding any errors.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having access to the entire history of a file allows for the ability to quickly
    compare the differences between them. This ability makes it easier to find any
    errors or to reset back to a working version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros of saving manually: keeps the history uncluttered, allows for the creation
    of meaningful commit messages.
    Some cons of manually saving: if you forget to save your changes will be lost.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Some VCS, like Git allow saving multiple files in one commit because it
    allows for tracking files that share relation to each other. Other VCS like google
    docs save files individually mainly because each file is independent from the others.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    By using the command git log. You can view a list of all the commits made to the repository.
    by using git diff. you can view any changes made to the files between different commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    The ability to use VCS means that if something does get broken the repo can be
    reverted to a working state by simply checking out the last commit with working code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Now that I have my workspace set up I would like to use git to keep track of
    any changes made to my personal projects.
